HaSeul : It's first filming in Hong Kong!
HaSeul : Fighting!
LOOΠΔ : Fighting!
The filming is underway on the top of the building!
HyunJin : I want to film an earring commercial!
HyunJin : It's so sunny~
LOOΠΔ 1/3 is preparing for the filming in the sun
ViVi is practicing her part of the song before shooting
ViVi : I want to know what I am to you♬
HeeJin became a one-day tutor for ViVi
HeeJin : I want to know~
ViVi : I want to know~
ViVi : I want to know
HeeJin : Right, right, right. It's fine!
HeeJin : ViVi is doing good overall!
HeeJin : I know she could do it better than now.
HeeJin : It would be good for her
HeeJin : So I was teaching her about the pronunciation!
ViVi : [sa] and [rl] is too difficult to pronunciation~
The filming is started after short pronunciation practice!
ViVi : I want to see♬
ViVi : I want to see you right this moment♬
HeeJin : I'm rooting for you, ViVi~!